Add missing asterik + add "or later" to vs 2017 (#15263)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/with-visual-studio.md

## Prerequisites

> [Visual Studio 2017 or later](https://aka.ms/vsdownload?utm_source=mscom&utm_campaign=msdocs) with the ".NET Core cross-platform development" workload installed. You can develop your app with .NET Core 2.1 or later versions.

Reviewer: we shouldn't use the aka link in this case 

```suggestion
[Visual Studio 2017 or later](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=docs.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+vs2019) with the ".NET Core cross-platform development" workload installed. You can develop your app with .NET Core 2.1 or later versions.
```

For more information, see the [Prerequisites for .NET Core on Windows](../windows-prerequisites.md) topic.

## A simple Hello World application

Begin by creating a simple "Hello World" console application. Follow these steps:

> 1. Launch Visual Studio 2017. Select **File** > **New** > **Project** from the menu bar. In the **New Project** dialog, select the **Visual C#** node followed by the **.NET Core** node. Then select the **Console App (.NET Core)** project template. In the **Name** text box, type "HelloWorld". Select the **OK** button.

Reviewer: Let's remove the version from this sentence then

```suggestion
1. Launch Visual Studio. Select **File** > **New** > **Project** from the menu bar. In the **New Project** dialog, select the **Visual C#** node followed by the **.NET Core** node. Then select the **Console App (.NET Core)** project template. In the **Name** text box, type "HelloWorld". Select the **OK** button.
```
